okay here is a video of my desk tool
what I'm going to do is I'm going to run
through each bit i'm going to give you
rough specs and also a price point on
some of them there is a price point in
the description for each item as well
hope you enjoy and let's get started so
first of all it we have the imac this is
a 2010 model it's got an intel core i3
processor running at 3.2 gigahertz it
did previously have four gig of ram when
i bought it upgraded this to eight gig
it's not too much to upgrade that about
30 pound it's got a terabyte hard drive
built-in and it's so much better than my
previous computer which was a windows
laptop so again the price for this will
be in description is about a thousand
pound brand new i only paid about 600
though moving on we have the sony kdl 24
so wwhat's up another it's a as you can
see a white TV it's got this silver
stand this TV has Wi-Fi built in smart
TV so features like BBC iPlayer youtube
twitter facebook built in brilliant TV
it's full HD and let's connect that to
my blu-ray player and soon there will be
an xbox as well it has got freeview
built in as well so just have my coaxial
cable going into the back of that and
get about 80 channels on there so really
really well BAM good for what i need
next off we have the bose companion 3s
there is the left and the right speaker
there and they are the best BIG's that
I've purchased they are at 250 pounds so
fairly expensive they also have this
control project you can see there when I
tap it the LED indicator turns orange
this shows this muted now when I tap it
again turns green therefore it's unmuted
this wheel on the outside you can turn
to adjust volume you think I headphone
out and also an input here this input
3.5 mil jack and that's connected to my
TV the boats are also connects my imac
through the sub underneath the table in
regards to the speaker's a lot of people
aren't too keen on both saying that
they're very expensive or they are I
personally feel that these are perfect
for what I need I don't mind spending
the extra bit of money get a brand that
I know is is good next off here we have
the ihub this was one through one of mr.
toybox one two threes live string very
very happy that is great because the USB
connections on the imac or at the back
so this makes it much easier to access
those and that's just connected through
a microUSB to USB and it gives me four
USB ports so superb next off we have the
western digital elements 500 gigabyte
external hard drive this is a portable
drive it's only 2.5 inch one and three
point 01 brilliant I use your time
machine backup while I'm out regularly
there you can see the right speaker for
the boats companions next off we have
the iphone stand there you can see my
iphone 4s in my hands are slated to get
model and then the luxor to h2 stand
it's inside of an imac it's got this
plate on the front that the ipad 62 and
a hold of the back to put your fate in
dock connecting through you can see here
you've got a fair amount of adjustment
on that plate and so if you're watching
a film with your texting is if I deal so
that's that's and played up on for about
15 pound and I would recommend it it
looks nice on the desk and and does the
job well next off you can see here that
I have the apple trackpad I much prefer
this to the standard magic mouse I got
with the iPad it is about 60 pound but
it allows you to get full voice from the
lion multi-touch features and
generally it's just easier to use in my
opinion here we have the wireless
keyboard no complaints about that very
energy-efficient runs off to double a's
they're running that for about two weeks
and no problems and no lots of charge
here you can see underneath the table
we'll start off with my printer on the
left-hand side this is a HP photosmart
5510 it's got a touch screen display at
the front there and this will allow you
to check ink levels check your wireless
settings all that stuff directly on the
printer so it's very nifty to have that
yeah I would recommend this printer it's
about 60 70 pound can get that directly
for Apple when it's very good here at
stop you can see a few xbox games and
all three series of misfits and blu-ray
big fan of misfits then you've got my
sony bdp s 380 blur blur that retails
about 100 pound superb blu-ray player
it's got smart TV again but
unfortunately it doesn't have Wi-Fi
built in so you do require a wireless
dongle but I've got smart TV on my
bachelor TV so don't need that here you
can see the monster cable view cable
tidy it's very very good you can just
attach the front part and clip the
cables in aiken several a few mess
cables on the top there but other than
that is very tidy here you've got the
monster power center 650 the 3,000 about
60 pound and you can see there I've got
my imac my printer my blu-ray player my
TV everything plugged into that and also
a couple of battery charges you've got
the GP power bank which it has currently
has two eighteen hundred million charges
to battery sorry and then I've got a
Duracell one next to that as well that
power center protects you against surges
and spikes and current so just protects
all my equipment wouldn't want all this
lot getting broken if I were to have a
power cut it is very very good it does
say you money over the time and here you
can tell okay again I've got the two
power and two charges GP and gerosa one
about six double date
so once i recharge on that there you can
see other side I've got coaxial
connections so thought is your cup
actual connection and also here camera
doesn't pick it up too well but you've
got some telephone line as well there we
have the bose companion 3 sub and all
the speakers on the top of the computer
are wide to that very powerful server
you can adjust the base on there as well
which is good here are just a couple of
box of random bits you got some bicycle
cards their bicycle playing cards in
this top box we have a few random bits
starting off we've got a few three
protectors hit some sticky fixes that
just sticking bits to the water for
newbie more playing cards iphone case
xbox controller the apple wireless
remote and if I do what I playing music
from that then I've got some flash
drives and also memory sticks I have the
double